# Write an flight computer mode

This document will explain the different inputs to the flight computer interpret. With this information it should be able to write a flight computer mode on your own and submit it as a PR.

Your class need to be based on `FlightCommandInterpret` and you need to put a node with your script below the `FlightComputer` on the player or enemy ships. Keep in mind the first entry in the row will be used as default flight mode on game start.

## Output to ship

### X output Component

A negative x component will strafe the ship to the left, while a positive one will strafe it to the right.

### Y output Component

A negative Y component will accelerate the ship while a negative one will decelerate it.

### Commanded Velocity

You will return a velocity to the ship in the form of a vector. Those output will be generated by one of the following methods

- `IdleBaseVelocity`
- `InterpretBaseVelocity`

Those methods will get the following inputs from the ship itself.

#### CommandedVelocity

This is the normalized vector2 with the input given by the player on how to move the ship.

Keep in mind that a negative y means the ship should accelerate and a negative x means it will strafe to the left

#### CurrentVelocity

The current local velocity of the ship. This will indicate the current drift. This vector is also normalized.

This velocity is inverted to the commanded velocity. A positive Y will indicate a acceleration while a positive X is a drift to the left. The reason for that is that you can simple generate an output by inverting this input vector.

#### RotationVelocity

The rotation speed of the ship as a vector. If this is negative the ship currently rotates to the left

#### currentShipRotation

The current rotation of the ship, this will always be a positive radian.

